Oh, my God.
Failure.
Boss.
You okay?
How is Mr. Wang's military?
King Huy refused to die.
You killed him.
Light under the knife well
Pull him down.
Send it back to me.
Let me out! Let me out!
See the Dragon Land
You're welcome.
The Dragon Master scared you.
To destroy the Pantheon.
I've been guilty before.
Please forgive me.
You gave me the rhythm
Will I blame you?
Dragon Master
These men are the pawns of the Pantheon.
Waiting for your processing.
Joe Dragon Ball Kane
Pantheon forced me.
I can see that I used to be a hero.
Because the general who has not passed the road is also somewhat bitter.
Long Zhu begged Long Chau to kill me
The king is open, open, open, open.
The collection smells.
Big Brother Cuong
I'm your cousin.
I am your flesh and blood.
You can't kill me.
You can't kill me, Cuong Ca, if I don't kill you.
The Li family has a genocide.
Take the boss.
You can't kill my brother.
Big brother, if you don't reply, you don't say anything today, if you don't have your two dragons.
The Princess of Hawaii is here.
This is what we should do.
The future of the world depends on you.
Boss.
Dude.